- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?

For my House class, I decided to create two overloaded constructors because most of the methods in the class required the singular parameter they used or no parameter in order to make sense. I first created a constructor that took only parameters of name, address, and number of floors because there are a number of houses that don't have a dining room or an elevator so I figured that it would be useful to have  a constructors that sets those values to false automatically. I also created another constructor that only took in a parameter of address as the most default constructor to allow for a bunch of houses to be added to the map without inputting tons of values. For my Cafe class, I overloaded the constructor to allow for a cafe with a name, address, and number of floors to be created with a default amount of supplies. I also overloaded my sellCoffee method to allow for a default drink size to be established with minimal customizations. For my Library class, I overloaded my constructor to allow for the hasElevator value to be sent to a default false because 2/3 libraries on the campus do not have elevators. I also overloaded the printCollection method to allow for all books that are either available or checked out to be listed because I felt that it was useful to be able to see a list of only books that are available to be checked out.

- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

I found it pretty straightforward to implement the additional methods, however I didn't realize right away that in many cases, I could call the super constructor and then implement additional functionalities when writing my overloaded methods and constructors. Other than that, I found this part of the assignment easier than the first half but I do appreciate that it was split up to make it more manageable. Advice, I would give to someone taking this course in the future is to leave helpful messages on where you are leaving off when writing commit messages to remind yourself of things that have been tested already or aren't working yet.
